Monster Cards/Monster Cards Project Decomposition.md, before:

---

kanban-plugin: basic

---

## Decomposition

- [ ] Main Window
- [ ] Monster Card
- [ ] Search
- [ ] Print
- [ ] Delete


## Main Window

- [ ] Search Box
- [ ] Scroll Area to hold Monster Card widgets
- [ ] Function to correctly display the cards inside the scrollArea
- [ ] Functionality to select multiple cards to delete or print cards
- [ ] Buttons for printing and deleting selected cards


## Monster Card

- [ ] Title
- [ ] Image (optional)
- [ ] Stats


## Search

- [ ] Get search bar text
- [ ] Filter cards
- [ ] Update layout


## Print

- [ ] Get selected card information
- [ ] Print it to console
- [ ] Use print dialogue to print to a printer (optional)


## Delete

- [ ] Get selected cards
- [ ] Remove selected cards
- [ ] Update layout


## Advanced Functionality (only if have time)

- [ ] View cards in a list (only names, statistics can be shown in an expanded view/dialog)
- [ ] Sort function
- [ ] Use print dialogue to print to a printer
- [ ] Image in Monster Card




%% kanban:settings
```
{"kanban-plugin":"basic"}
```
%%

Commit message:

added the add card function to the decomposition

Monster Cards/Monster Cards Project Decomposition.md, after:

---

kanban-plugin: basic

---

## Decomposition

- [ ] Main Window
- [ ] Monster Card
- [ ] Add Card
- [ ] Search
- [ ] Print
- [ ] Delete


## Main Window

- [ ] Search Box
- [ ] Scroll Area to hold Monster Card widgets
- [ ] Function to correctly display the cards inside the scrollArea
- [ ] Functionality to select multiple cards to delete or print cards
- [ ] Buttons for printing and deleting selected cards


## Monster Card

- [ ] Title
- [ ] Image (optional)
- [ ] Stats


## Add Card

- [ ] Add dialogue box to get information for adding a new card
- [ ] Add error checking to make sure that unexpected inputs do not crash the program
- [ ] Add the card to the card dictionary


## Search

- [ ] Get search bar text
- [ ] Filter cards
- [ ] Update layout


## Print

- [ ] Get selected card information
- [ ] Print it to console
- [ ] Use print dialogue to print to a printer (optional)


## Delete

- [ ] Get selected cards
- [ ] Remove selected cards
- [ ] Update layout


## Advanced Functionality (only if have time)

- [ ] View cards in a list (only names, statistics can be shown in an expanded view/dialog)
- [ ] Sort function
- [ ] Use print dialogue to print to a printer
- [ ] Image in Monster Card




%% kanban:settings
```
{"kanban-plugin":"basic"}
```
%%
